{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Concept:
\b0\fs24 \
I consider this website to be the album cover for the collection of songs, and other content, found within it.  It is not an informational site, but an actual piece of the artistic goal (even if its primary purpose at this point is simply to house the individual content files).\
The album tells a story and, so then, does the website; complete with episodes, scenes, story arc, etc.  This should be kept in mind when considering the construction of the site.\
\
There are basically three main sections to this first version of the site: the Front Page, the GIF Wall, and the Blog Roll.  The main functions of this version are to act as a place to play or download the album\'92s songs, and to access the story content that goes along with it.\
More pages, with different levels of functionality, will be added later as the story expands, but for now only the three above mentioned sections need to be detailed.\
\
\

\b\fs28 1. Front Page
\b0\fs24 \
The background of the Front Page is a looping GIF image of a flickering orb of light.  \
\
The Front Page acts primarily as place from which the user can stream and download the songs from the album.  To begin with, the site is little more than an audio player for the album.\
\
The segmented rectangle containing the text on the left side of the screen houses information about the album, including a list of song titles and the options to either \'93Play All\'94 or \'93Download\'94 (collectively referred to as Content Commands on the accompanying Mock Up image file).  When either the song titles or \'93Play All\'94 are clicked, they will activate a Content Player (discussed below) which will play the song or the whole album, depending on what was clicked.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Links in the Top Right Corner of Front Page:
\b0 \
The information from these links is displayed in pop up windows, not new pages.  Normally, semi-transparent, they should become solid white when rolled over.  Below is a list of their functions.\
	-Share:  links to share the whole page on facebook, twitter, etc.\
	-Info:  Pop up window which displays a short informational video\
	-Newsletter Sign-up: Sign up for the newsletter as well as a link to access the blog:\
	-Subscribe (itunes):  link to subscribe to the podcast on itunes as well as links to the related 	social media sites\
	-Donate:  paypal donation button, with customized skin\
	-Contact: a generic @bdtem.com email address (archives@bdtem.com, or 	deptofcomm@bdtem.com)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\b\fs28 2. GIF Wall
\b0\fs24 \
Each rectangular block on this page represents a looping GIF image which will house a single piece of audio or video content that I will use for promotional purposes.  I will be posting links to the content files on social media sites that will lead the user back to this page where that particular piece of content will play automatically.\
I will be adding these pieces one at a time as I make them, so the page will grow from being mostly blank to containing an intricate collection of separately moving scenes.  For this reason, I will need to be able to easily add the GIF images and audio/video files, as well as connect a unique URL to each piece of content, on my end.\
I would like the GIF to become dim and to display the piece\'92s title when rolled over and when playing.\
\
\

\b\fs28 3. Blog Roll
\b0\fs24 \
I need to design this, but for now a typical blog capabilities should do:  PDF images, audio and video clips, hyperlinks, text, etc.  The usual stuff.  I presume that this can be added relatively easily by virtue of using wordpress, and will therefore be easily customizable by me at some later date.\
\
\
\

\b\fs28 Content Player:
\b0\fs24 \
I would like to host the content on sites like SoundCloud, Vimeo, YouTube, etc.; but through a customized player at the bottom of each page.  My goal is to use these content hosting services with minimal (or no) interference from their logos or branding.  (This goes for all content throughout the site.)\
\
The player must remain static at the bottom of the window, even if there is room to scroll further down the page.  The player must not be interrupted if the user navigates to the various other pages of the site, it should only stop or change if the user tells it to do so. \
\
The player should contain all the transport controls (play, pause, FF, REW, skip, etc.) as well as contain a button which, when clicked, shows a small pop-up window containing the song\'92s title, catalogue number, and brief description.  I must be able to add this information myself when I upload new pieces of content, and the text should be able to contain hyperlinks, which I am able to add as well.  There should also be sharing capabilities in this pop-up window for each individual piece of content.\
\
If this player could also have video and PDF capabilities, that would be ideal; and I will need to be able to upload/link the different types of content myself.\
\
\

\b\fs28 Future Versions (within the next few months):
\fs24 \

\b0 There are two pages which I have created the mock up for, but which will not be active pages until a later date.  However, I would like them designed, aesthetically and in terms of function, now for the sake of easy integration later.  These are the pages titled \'93Grave Background\'94 and \'93Circus Background.\'94\
These pages will contain the \'93extra content\'94 for the album, which will include podcast episodes, various other audio files, videos, PDF\'92s, etc.  The pages represent different scenes within the story and the colored dots on each page represent the individual pieces of content (audio, video, PDF, etc.) that are specific to that scene.  The \'93code\'94 written below them (see \'93Grave Backround\'94 for what I mean) is their catalogue number.  I must be able to easily add those during the uploading process.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0  When the dots are clicked, they will play the content associated with them on the player located on the bottom of the page.  Also when they are clicked, they should change color to indicate which one is playing.  Transport controls can be manipulated through the arrow keys and space bar, so tracks can be started, stopped, or switched easily.\
Each scene/page needs to be easily updatable by me; that is, I need to be able to easily add colored dots, meta data, titles, and audio/video files myself.  I need the framework for these pages built so that I can add to them as needed.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I would also like the dots to be animated in a way that they subtly pulse or flicker, giving the page some life.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 My Needs/Expectations:
\b0\fs24 \
If you can build the framework for the various sections of the site site, I can learn how to manipulate the details.  Some small guidance (in the form of a set of simple instructions, perhaps) from you would be all that I need to get going.\
Here is a list of the things that I will need to be able to do:\
\
1.  I will need to be able to go in and add content at will, with ease, and with minimal coding.  I am willing to learn new skills in order to make that possible.\
2.  I want to be able to add background sounds to each page.\
3.  I have to be able to add my own GIF\'92s to the GIF wall at any time, and be able to place them in the right spot on the page.\
4.  I need to be able to make any object, word, image, etc., into a link. I am planning on employing the use of easter eggs and I need the flexibility to add them whenever and wherever I can.\
5.   I may have a need to add pages here and there which will contain only a single image or some other piece of \'93side content.\'94  You can picture a mostly blank, white page with just a small image in the middle (or even a page filled entirely by an image).  These pages will not show up in any menu bar, but when clicked upon should link to the front page (or their should be an icon somewhere that, when clicked upon, will send the user back to the home page (or better yet, I should be able to easily change where they link to).  These pages will be used for easter eggs and promotional purposes.\
6.  I will need to have control over when the pages go live; that is, I will want to keep some pages hidden while working on them, uploading content, etc.\
7.  I will eventually be adding sections to the site that are not described anywhere in this document.  It needs to be simple for me or someone I am working with to add these sections easily without disrupting the rest of the site.\
8.  I need to be able to add background sounds and images to each page in the form of looping audio and GIF images, respectively.\
\
\

\b\fs28 Thank You!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 This probably seems complicated and is likely poorly explained.  I appreciate you taking the time to look over what I have in order to see if you can help me build an interesting site.  I hope I wasn\'92t too tedious in my descriptions or too confusing in my terminology.\
Please feel free to ask me any questions or to clarify any points.\
Thanks!}